README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h3><b>Recipe App</b></h3>
</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Recipe <a name="about-project"></a>

**Recipe** is an application designed to seamlessly manage collection of recipes, ingredients, and pantry inventory."

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Language</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-ruby">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Framework</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails(RoR)</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **User Authentication and Authorization**
- **Recipe Management and Organization**
- **Ingredient Tracking and Shopping Lists**
- **Search and Filter Functionality**
- **Meal Planning and Scheduling**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Ruby and Ruby on Rails Installed
- Database Management System
- Text Editor or IDE(VSCode Highly recommended)
- Basic Understanding of HTML/CSS
- Model-View-Controller (MVC) Architecture
- Git Version Control
- Database Migrations
- User Authentication System

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
`git clone https://github.com/Kgomotso196/Recipe.git`
### Install

Install this project with:
- bundle

```sh
  cd Recipe
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
  rubocop .
  rspec .
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: **Heroku**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Kgomotso (Troos) Nacane**

- GitHub: [Troos](https://github.com/Kgomotso196)
- Twitter: [Troos](https://twitter.com/t_r_o_o_s)
- LinkedIn: [Troos](https://linkedin.com/in/kgomotso-nacane)

👤 **Aklilu Mekonnen**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/akezeth)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/akezeth)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aklilu-mekonnen/)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Nutritional Information and Dietary Analysis**
- [ ] **Community and Social Integration**
- [ ] **Integration with Smart Kitchen Appliances**
- [ ] **AI-Powered Recipe Recommendations**
- [ ] **Multi-Language Support and Global Cuisine Database**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, I kindly request you to show your support by giving it a star and considering following my social media pages. Your engagement would be greatly appreciated!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse for proposing this project, and extend my heartfelt thanks to my fellow programmers for their assistance whenever possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **How can I edit a recipe?**

  - Go to "My Recipes", select the recipe you want to edit, and click on the "Edit" button.

- **Is there a way to filter recipes based on dietary preferences?**

  - Certainly, you can refine your search by selecting specific dietary preferences in the filter options.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add live demo link in README.md

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h3><b>Recipe App</b></h3>
</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Recipe <a name="about-project"></a>

**Recipe** is an application designed to seamlessly manage collection of recipes, ingredients, and pantry inventory."

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Language</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-ruby">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Framework</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails(RoR)</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **User Authentication and Authorization**
- **Recipe Management and Organization**
- **Ingredient Tracking and Shopping Lists**
- **Search and Filter Functionality**
- **Meal Planning and Scheduling**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://recipe-ror.onrender.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Ruby and Ruby on Rails Installed
- Database Management System
- Text Editor or IDE(VSCode Highly recommended)
- Basic Understanding of HTML/CSS
- Model-View-Controller (MVC) Architecture
- Git Version Control
- Database Migrations
- User Authentication System

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
`git clone https://github.com/Kgomotso196/Recipe.git`
### Install

Install this project with:
- bundle

```sh
  cd Recipe
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
  rubocop .
  rspec .
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: **Heroku** or **Render**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Kgomotso (Troos) Nacane**

- GitHub: [Troos](https://github.com/Kgomotso196)
- Twitter: [Troos](https://twitter.com/t_r_o_o_s)
- LinkedIn: [Troos](https://linkedin.com/in/kgomotso-nacane)

👤 **Aklilu Mekonnen**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/akezeth)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/akezeth)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aklilu-mekonnen/)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Nutritional Information and Dietary Analysis**
- [ ] **Community and Social Integration**
- [ ] **Integration with Smart Kitchen Appliances**
- [ ] **AI-Powered Recipe Recommendations**
- [ ] **Multi-Language Support and Global Cuisine Database**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, we kindly request you to show your support by giving it a star and considering following our social media pages. Your engagement would be greatly appreciated!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse for proposing this project, and extend our heartfelt gratitude to our fellow programmers for their assistance whenever possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **How can I edit a recipe?**

  - Go to "My Recipes", select the recipe you want to edit, and click on the "Edit" button.

- **Is there a way to filter recipes based on dietary preferences?**

  - Certainly, you can refine your search by selecting specific dietary preferences in the filter options.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
